welcome to another edition of the most
consistent prolific and dedicated
uploads in youtube history this is
sean's view entertainment on youtube com
make sure to like this video and
subscribe imagine if a steel cage match
in the WWE ended in a disqualification
imma say that one more time imagine if a
steel cage match in the WWE ended in a
disqualification well welcome to 2014
because that's exactly what happened at
a live event from Oakland California it
was John Cena versus Randy Orton this
just happened yesterday and what
happened was a disqualification was
caused when Randy Orton hit a low blow
on John Cena and the referee would call
for a bell to ring cause a
disqualification inside a steel cage
match now think of this for one second
I'd been a WWE fan for about 20 years
maybe a little bit more than that I've
seen tapes I've seen DVDs I've seen
blu-rays I've seen millions of cage
matches and imagine if back in the day a
steel cage match would have ended in a
disqualification there would have been
an uproar there would have been a riot
there would have been pandemonium let me
tell you that right now imagine if you
had Don Muraco vs Superfly Jimmy Snuka
from the 80s and and at the swalley
fication imagine if you had a match of
mankind vs Triple H at the SummerSlam 97
inside of a steel cage end in this
qualification imagine of Bret Hart vs
Owen Hart in a steel cage match from
SummerSlam 94 ended any disqualification
imagine if st. Valentine's Day Massacre
Stone Cold Steve Austin vs vince mcmahon
in a steel cage ended in a
disqualification this is completely
ridiculous you know I come on here and I
stand by the WWE I defend the WWE when
it's not so popular to do so I come on
here and I give my opinions of the WWE
and like I said you know I kissed the
WWE's ass a lot more than people like to
give me credit for or maybe I kiss it
too much the bottom line is this is not
a decision that I can stand by when a
steel cage ends and a disqualification
is completely reprehensible it is sick
and it is just
graceful a disgraceful I cannot remember
in the 20-plus years that I have been a
WWE fan that I have heard that a steel
cage match ends in a disqualification
hell the whole reason behind a steel
cage matches there is no there are no
rules there is no disqualifications back
in the day you either escape the cage or
you win by pinfall or submission and
neither that happened this is what we're
dealing with this is the kind of crap
that we have to put up with in 2014 and
you might say well show and stop
watching the product if you don't like
what you're getting the bottom line is
there needs to be changed there needs to
be a transition when the WWE starts
putting a DQ finish inside of a steel
cage you got some real problems
subscribe